hello and welcome to another exciting
review by Gao cool guy this is on the
air hogs hyperactive five brand new
lineup in august 2013 here from Spin
Master transmitter got a nice rubbery
feel its cushioned it's got suspension
digital proportional throttle kind of an
awkward design with that I don't know
why they did a huge little hole in there
three triple A's in there get your
screwdriver out and small things air
hogs I would have added a latch so you I
don't need the screwdriver just tiny
little things make your products so much
better yeah this a nice Phillips head
and the little buggy it looks like a
like a moon rover or something like that
it's really aggressive and design three
wheel drive yell so then I second
actually got suspension excellent
alright I've shown you that it's got the
suspension kind of a unique design with
this soft rubber not too hard not too
soft all right all or nothing steering
not digital proportional on that again
three triple A's boo week boo three
Triple A six in total they could have
done a latch with that too and led on
the top also suspension in there and
look it actually moves along the wheels
alright again you need to screw driver
ker curses why would you put a Phillips
head in there to put a latch and of
course you get your instruction manual
alright and be sure to get a big hefty
you utensil to get the packaging open
get out the razor blades guys it's it's
kind of tricky to get into the packaging
so that's why why I did that as a little
funny joke alright this is a
side-by-side comparison of the
hyperactive five which you see here in
the hyperactive pro of course the
hyperactive five is bigger it's got a
different design that first ones got
that little lexan thing where that's a
rollover bar and really hard versus
really soft tyres and only rear
suspension in there all right and one
thing to point out is the high practice
five runs on three triple A's versus the
lipo and look at the size difference
they really trim that down three triple
ace for that transmitter on the left
with the hyperactive hard plastic
steering wheel all enough and guys book
and on the right with the high prices
Pro six double A's and this RC doesn't
actually have a charging Jack you can
just go all day until those triple A's
run out now let's get right into the
driving footage watch this
damn see it in slow motion here comes
all right I'm sorry about that that was
my phone and fitted driving footage here
custom ramps that I got free from
mcdonalds when I used to work there took
me like a couple hours of my time Chris
again they were free and you know what
air hogs wink wink nudge nudge uh-huh
why don't you guys start making like a
ramp kit I think that'd be a good seller
so I'm for your hyper actives here
people would buy those and I'm actually
not trying to purposely miss the ramp
it's just that all are nothing steering
yep that's how how it rolls over sorry
about that I got it sidetrack you but
the all-or-nothing steering makes it not
want to go in a straight line very well
and of course one thing to point out
majorly is this RC wax speed but you
know I still like it out of all the air
hogs hyperactive I've tried I like this
one the most damn will awesome flips
look at that just brilliant I like their
design on this one can't go wrong with
it and you just flip it over keep on
going alright flipped over again and
it's actually got a hundred percent
success rate I've not had to go
physically pick it up and turn it over
myself just jam on the throttle a bit
and you'll flip over now one thing to
point out is the hyperactive stunts the
one that's like two sided it's got the
big foam tires that one that one was a
little bit tricky I didn't like
I just personally didn't find the use
for making a review it was already
outdated and I me personally I just
didn't enjoy driving it I'm sorry spin
master but it wasn't fun for me now
here's what I had trouble with see it
doesn't sent her out itals lock in place
that was a big big issue with I had but
hey put it to the middle it's fine and
try and do a little speed test here i
show you that it's not too terribly fast
you know it's i think a decent speech
for younger kids and it's actually a
controllable speed like I said you can
run all day on this thing until those
triple A's run out into the rest we go
and watch this guy's I said it's a moon
rover moon the moon has rocks and so
does my front lawn now look at this baby
go all right I was trying to jump it
over onto the driveway it didn't really
work but coming up there's some grants
now let's see how it fares against that
alright so I hope you guys liked this
video leave a comment subscribe and I'll
keep these great air hogs videos coming
at you be sure to check out my RC and
reptile channels or will not channels
but uh videos and also be sure to check
out gecko guys Grubbs com it's in the
making but i'm sure you guys will like
it